docs: update docs and examples for md (#1300)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/advanced/md.md

By setting `calculation` to be `md` or `sto-md`, ABACUS currently provides six different MD evolution methods, which is specified by keyword `md_type` in the `INPUT` file:

  - -1: FIRE method
  - 0: NVE ensemble
  - 1: NVT ensemble with Nose Hoover Chain
  - 2: NVT ensemble with Langevin thermostat
  - 3: NVT ensemble with Anderson thermostat
  - 4: MSST method

Furthermore, ABACUS also provides a [list of keywords](./input_files/input-main.md#molecular-dynamics) to control relevant parmeters used in MD simulations.

> [Examples](https://github.com/deepmodeling/abacus-develop/tree/develop/examples/vdw/si2) of MD simulations are also provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Examples](https://github.com/deepmodeling/abacus-develop/tree/develop/examples/md/lcao_gammaonly_Sn64) of MD simulations are also provided.
```

There are six INPUT files corresponding to six different MD evolution methods in the directory.
For examlpe, `INPUT_0` shows how to employ the NVE simulation.

To run any of the fix cases, users may enter the directory, copy the corresponding input file to `INPUT`, and run ABACUS.

## FIRE

> 

Reviewer: [FIRE](https://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.97.170201) (fast inertial relaxation engine) is a MD-based minimization algorithm. It introduces inertia into the equation of motion, and follows a MD trajectory that descents to an energy-minimum.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[FIRE](https://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.97.170201) (fast inertial relaxation engine) is a MD-based minimization algorithm. It is based on conventional molecular dynamics with additional velocity modifications and adaptive time steps. The MD trajectory will descend to an energy-minimum.
```
